# Fall 2019 Foundations of Web Design and Development — Assignment 1 (Git, GitHub, and Intro HTML)

* **Do not edit this file.**  
* **Do not start this project until you have read these instructions carefully.**

## Introduction
Using a simple HTML project, this assignment is designed to solidify your knowledge of the basic concepts of revision control using Git.

## Before You Begin
1. Log in to GitHub.
2. Fork this repo(sitory). See [this video](http://code-warrior.github.io/tutorials/git/github/forking-and-cloning-at-the-github-web-site/) on how to carry out this step and step `3`.
3. Clone your fork, using either the web site or the GitHub Desktop client.
4. Checkout your personalized branch, the one with your name and GitHub user handle.

## Pre-Flight Rules
This assignment requires that you work with text files — the kind that are uploaded to web servers. Therefore, you should observe best practices:
* Use lower-case, combined with kebab-case, to name files and folders (✅ `do-this-for-files.html` or ✅ `do-this-for-folders`).
* No spaces in folder or file names (🚫 `not this`).
* No camel case (🚫 `notThis`); and, no snake case (🚫 `not_this`).

## The Rules
**Note**: The first 10 rules below *do not* pertain to the current repository.

1. Create a folder anywhere in your computer’s file system called `outlining-algorithm`.
2. Add an empty text file called `index.html` to the `outlining-algorithm` folder.
3. Convert the `outlining-algorithm` folder into a repo, which will create an initial branch called `master` in which to work.
4. Publish the repo to GitHub.
5. Load `index.html` into Atom.
6. Use Emmett’s bang shortcut to have it write starter HTML code into the `index.html` file. Save it then commit and push the change.
7. Create a new branch called `name-adding`, then publish the branch. (Ensure you’re now working in the `name-adding` branch.)
8. Add your first and last names to the `title` element, then commit and push the change.
9. Merge `name-adding` into `master`, then push. (Ensure you’re now working in the `master` branch.)
10. Using HTML’s outlining algorithm, list the following content in your `outlining-algorithm` document, replacing each item below with your own information. Commit and push as needed.
```
Name
   Work (if applicable)
   School
      Major, or list undecided
         Name of last class taken in major
      Minor (if applicable)
         Name of last class taken in major
   Hobbies
      Hobby 1
      Hobby 2
```

11. Come back to this repo, check out your personalized branch, then open `links-to-student-repos.md` in Atom.
12. Look for your name, then replace `URL HERE` with a link to your `outlining-algorithm` repo. Commit the change and push it.
13. Follow the **Submission** directions below to submit your assignment.

## Due Date
⏰ **Wednesday, 25 September 2019, at 9:00 AM. 🚫 _No late work will be accepted._**

## Submission
Issue a pull request back into the original repo, the one from which your forked was created, before the deadline. [Look at these videos](http://code-warrior.github.io/tutorials/git/github/) for help on how to do so.

**Note**: This assignment may *only* be submitted via GitHub. 🚫 **_No other form of submission will be accepted_**.

## Grading
| Item                                                               | Points                                    |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------|:-----------------------------------------:|
| **Kebab case used for names of files and folders**                 | `10`                                      |
| **At least the amount of commits mentioned in these instructions** | `10`                                      |
| **Branches present**                                               | `20`                                      |
| **`name-adding` branch merged into `master`**                      | `20`                                      |
| **Outlining algorithm is logical**                                 | `20`                                      |
| **HTML syntax valid**                                              | `20`                                      |
